Yep.
So let's solve this problem using bottom of approach.
And that is also very easy, right?
Well, it's.
I have this two strings.
Food and money.
But what happens in a bottom up approach?
You're trying to build answers from one end.
So in this case, what I will say is it.
And J0 and what will be our state idea.
What it will be.
It will be nothing but same state.
Medium number of operations.
Minimum number of operations required to perform.
I mean, required to edit e.
Thing to be in this case, what evil become it will become zero two.
I and I want it to be from zero to.
Have you got this i ltd was I to end due to end nowadays the roadway and zero to do a first.
Initially when I was doing this job don't approach it was be considered for the suffix.
The thing that I was worried about.
Yeah.
These are suffixes.
Right now.
I'm taking the Stringer's.
Now I'm digging the strongest prefix.
Well.
So what's needed here?
MGM.
Of all the steps, all do the same steps, only in this case know what will happen.
Things that will remain.
The things that will remain are these and these.
And it will be back to the operations that will be.
There are nothing but deep ideas because minimum of.
Deep.
I minus one go major plus one.
They in this case, we not have a plus one minus one will be there and it will be a comma minus one
plus one.
It's the same process.
You just think about inserting, deleting and replacing.
It is a minus one goal margin minus one plus one.
Whatever is going on, I'll take them.
And if they are equal, then it is nothing really cool to.
UPI comma.
There is nothing more equal to the pie plus one plus.
A minus one comma.
J minus.
And now you just have to call this your.
Part of my approach.
And and there's one thing that you need to keep in mind.
These cases, these three base cases, how we handle these three base cases, what I'll do is I just
let's let's make a table.
And I do understand this part.
I mean, certainly.
So what is the length of food?
Food land is.
Or.
And my niece land is five, so I'll take land plus one.
Because you must be remembering that I was I all this talk about empty springs also eight.
So we need to keep our empty things into consideration because those are our bases.
Yeah.
One plus one is five and manipulation is six.
So let me insert a table of five or six.
Five cross experts, six across five by cross.
So this is a normal table and it quickly.
It's quickly filled.
So this represents F.
Whoo hoo!
EE.
Good.
And this represents money.
And when these are the modest things that are base cases, the first index is zero one, two, three,
four, five.
I'm just indexing it.
Two, three, four, eight.
Let's let's fill the tables.
Tell me at a distance required if I convert empty string 20 string zero eight.
Let me switch colors.
You know, any distance required.
If I empty to him, fine to be full fight.
I hope these basic cases are very clear that this means I'm converting ammo to this empty, destroying
it, and similarly.
This is mean.
And when he's been converted to this.
Right.
Because what is the sale?
The sale is for and zero.
That means it is deep zero, comma four, which means it's an empty string.
Right.
And this is the first word.
Prefixes.
Well.
Now how to move downwards here.
I'm.
But what I've noticed is that if you keep speaking for a very long time, your nose.
Okay.
And, yeah, let's move.
And this is good.
This is one, two, three and four because it means converting this empty string into these strings.
I hope this is clear.
And what about this place?
We'll just simply check if it's not equal to him.
We've have is not equal to him.
This thing applies.
Right.
That is minimum of the pi minus one g where desirement is 1gi management is one row above NGC that means
one minimum of this one.
This one and this zero is zero less.
One will be.
But.
A minimum of all these three places.
That's one.
I hope it.
Similarly.
Yeah.
Similarly for this, it will be a minimum of these three, which is one plus minus.
Look now before five.
I can see this.
And.
I hope that things have been cleared so you can feel all the rest of the table by just.
Having this.
In mind.
Also know if you're feeling this similar to you're feeling this salvages Tacoma to sell.
In that case guys are easy.
Goes to be great.
Leave the boat.
As in.
Then what will be the answer?
It will be nothing but whatever is kept here.
It will be fine.
This keep this case also in mind when they were equal rate so quickly let's call this.
Okay.
Let's go.
Discreetly.
And.
Or maybe you can go do it yourself.
It's very easy.
Just make a table, fill the base cases, and apply these to cases.
But all the debris.
And finally, what will be the answer?
The answer will be on the last.
Is it be in Goma?
And is this Mr. Eight?
I'm just leaving it to you and you can easily go.
I've already filled half of the table except the word now eight.
And maybe that will help you understand more.
So this is the beginning of the real strings.
And after this, we'll be solving all the your interesting problems you came up.
In the next part.